README.md, before:

# Continue Auto Clicker for Chromium-based and Firefox Browsers

The "ChatGPT Continue Generating Auto-Clicker" extension simplifies your experience with ChatGPT by automating the process of clicking the "Continue generating" button. With this extension, you can save time and effort, especially if you frequently switch tabs while waiting for your prompt to generate a response.

# Why this repo:

Because some people were telling false information about my extension, I will release the code here to be open-source and to be analyzed by anyone who wants to.

# UPDATES:
• Now it will ask the user to reload the active OpenAI ChatGPT tabs, if any.

• 27/07/23 - Now, in Mobile View, the extension will work flawlessly. Thanks Rick for the heads up! 
• 27/07/23 - Now working with the new update of ChatGPT.

• 28/07/23 - UPTADE 1.4
             Now the extension has settings:
- You can change the auto click interval now. *Note that setting lower than 1000 ms may cause issues with "only one message at a time"!*

  - ![image](https://github.com/pedrohusky/Continue-AutoClicker-for-Chromium-based-and-Firefox-browsers/assets/59580251/c9dfbd17-3b4c-425d-9915-60a995e90bd3)


- You can enable or disable the display of a button below code blocks that downloads the code block as a file (and in the correct language too).
  - ![image](https://github.com/pedrohusky/Continue-AutoClicker-for-Chromium-based-and-Firefox-browsers/assets/59580251/c1ae5dba-9615-4165-9bd8-7ae7d7baa9ed)



# Key Features:
## Automated Clicking:
The extension automatically clicks the "Continue generating" button whenever it becomes available, eliminating the need for manual intervention.
## Enhanced Productivity: 
By eliminating the need to manually click the button, you can focus on other tasks or switch tabs without worrying about interrupting the generation process.
## Time-Saver: 
No more waiting for the prompt to generate a response manually. When you return to the ChatGPT tab, the extension ensures that the generation continues seamlessly.
## Language Support:
The extension currently supports the English language (en-US). We are actively working to expand language support to include more languages in future updates, ensuring a wider user base can benefit from the auto-clicking functionality.

# Privacy and Security:
We prioritize your privacy and adhere to strict security standards. The extension does not collect or store any personal data or transmit any information outside of the ChatGPT environment. Rest assured that your interactions with ChatGPT remain confidential and secure.

# Installation:
- Install the extension from the store.

  - Chrome Store: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/chatgpt-continue-generati/ifckaoegkgefgnicdfmnkfafaeiingmp?hl=pt-BR&authuser=0
  - Mozilla Store: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/chatgpt-auto-clicker/
- Open the ChatGPT chat in your browser.
- Sit back and relax while the extension automatically clicks the "Continue generating" button for you.

Commit message:

Added a new bar below the chat to control the current context window! It is reactive, it changes color, and it has a tooltip.

README.md, after:

# Continue Auto Clicker for Chromium-based and Firefox Browsers

The "ChatGPT Continue Generating Auto-Clicker" extension simplifies your experience with ChatGPT by automating the process of clicking the "Continue generating" button. With this extension, you can save time and effort, especially if you frequently switch tabs while waiting for your prompt to generate a response.

# Why this repo:

Because some people were telling false information about my extension, I will release the code here to be open-source and to be analyzed by anyone who wants to.

# UPDATES:

• Now it will ask the user to reload the active OpenAI ChatGPT tabs, if any.

• 27/07/23 - Now, in Mobile View, the extension will work flawlessly. Thanks Rick for the heads up!
• 27/07/23 - Now working with the new update of ChatGPT.

• 28/07/23 - UPTADE 1.4

- Now the extension has settings:
- You can change the auto click interval now. _Note that setting lower than 1000 ms may cause issues with "only one message at a time"!_

  - ![image](https://github.com/pedrohusky/Continue-AutoClicker-for-Chromium-based-and-Firefox-browsers/assets/59580251/c9dfbd17-3b4c-425d-9915-60a995e90bd3)

- You can enable or disable the display of a button below code blocks that downloads the code block as a file (and in the correct language too).
  - ![image](https://github.com/pedrohusky/Continue-AutoClicker-for-Chromium-based-and-Firefox-browsers/assets/59580251/c1ae5dba-9615-4165-9bd8-7ae7d7baa9ed)

• 20/10/23 - UPTADE 1.4.4

- Now it count *(see note below)* the token usage and show it with a cool progress bar that changes color based on the token usage!*
 - Now you can track the context window way better with the bar below the chat!
- **NOTE: It is using the llama-tokenizer. As it is for llama, it is a little different, but WAAAY(X100) better than most extensions out there that count tokens on GPT.**

# Key Features:

## Automated Clicking:

The extension automatically clicks the "Continue generating" button whenever it becomes available, eliminating the need for manual intervention.

## Enhanced Productivity:

By eliminating the need to manually click the button, you can focus on other tasks or switch tabs without worrying about interrupting the generation process.

## Time-Saver:

No more waiting for the prompt to generate a response manually. When you return to the ChatGPT tab, the extension ensures that the generation continues seamlessly.

## Language Support:

The extension currently supports the English language (en-US). We are actively working to expand language support to include more languages in future updates, ensuring a wider user base can benefit from the auto-clicking functionality.

# Privacy and Security:

We prioritize your privacy and adhere to strict security standards. The extension does not collect or store any personal data or transmit any information outside of the ChatGPT environment. Rest assured that your interactions with ChatGPT remain confidential and secure.

# Installation:

- Install the extension from the store.

  - Chrome Store: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/chatgpt-continue-generati/ifckaoegkgefgnicdfmnkfafaeiingmp?hl=pt-BR&authuser=0
  - Mozilla Store: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/chatgpt-auto-clicker/

- Open the ChatGPT chat in your browser.
- Sit back and relax while the extension automatically clicks the "Continue generating" button for you.
